[meta] add support for k8s 1.16 (#635)
elastic/helm-charts: elasticsearch/examples/upgrade/README.md

# Upgrade

> This example deploy a 3 nodes Elasticsearch cluster using an old chart version,
> then upgrade it to 7.7.0 version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example will deploy a 3 node Elasticsearch cluster using an old chart version,
then upgrade it to version 7.7.0.
```

Minor grammatical tweak.
